# StoreDatabaseManager
This project consists of a database and java application for an office supply company with multiple store locations. The database will hold data that contains information such employees, items, stores, customers, and services. A java application will be used to add, or display certain information from the database depending on what the application user requests. Ideally every store will hold its own information. In this project we will only be working with data pertaining to one store. Here users of the application and database can view details for items and services that show prices, quantities, and descriptions for each product. We can also look up customer information such as possible subscriptions they are currently signed up for. There are many ways to implement possible features in the application for the database but we will only focus on a few.  
 
The application starts of with a menu. The first feature allows a user to add an item to the database. The user can use this to add new items for the store to start selling. Each attribute will be filled out accordingly. The second feature allows the user to view all the information for an item by inserting an item number. The third feature allows the user to display all the items that are low in quantity so the store can order more. A view was used here to only show item quantities and names. Another feature was added that displays all the current services that are provided by the store. A cool feature was implemented using a join to display the current subscription services that a customer might be signed up for. Finally the user will have the option to log out and terminate the application. 
